Base: Add more manpages (v2) (#7611)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man8/hostname.md

## Name

hostname - print or set hostname

## Synopsis

```**sh
$ hostname [hostname]
```

## Description

> `hostname` prints current host name. If `hostname` is set and user is a superuser, the utility sets current host name to its value. The maximum hostname length is 64 characters. The hostname is not persisted after reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hostname` prints current host name. If the `hostname` argument is given and the user is a superuser, the utility sets the current host name to its value. The maximum hostname length is 64 characters. The hostname is not persisted after reboot.
```
